[chore] Prep for v6.8.1 release (#415)
EasyPost/easypost-node: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v6.8.1 (2023-10-13)

> - Fix bug causing scan form creation to fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug causing `ScanForm` creation to fail
```
